Update CHANGELOG.md for MSAL 4.70.0 (#5196)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

4.70.0
==========
### Features

> - Added a .WithAccessTokenSha256ToRefresh() method to AcquireTokenForClientParameterBuilder for Managed Identity resource providers, allowing finer control over token refresh scenarios. [Issue #5111](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/5111)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a .WithAccessTokenSha256ToRefresh() method to AcquireTokenForClientParameterBuilder for ConfidentialClientApplication, allowing finer control over token refresh scenarios. [Issue #5111](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/5111), PR #5179
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added `TokenCacheNotificationArgs.NoDistributedCacheUseReason` in order to indicate that the configured serialized cache should not be a distributed cache to prevent issues when acquiring tokens. [Issue #5199](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/5199)

```
